hi I'm John Caleta I'm the executive
chef and Managing Partner of Cortino
distante was located on the corner of
Court of Ontario and state here in
Chicago Illinois
I've got also got a pasta cookbook
that's called 250 true Italian pasta
dishes which hopefully you get the
opportunity to experience and give me
some feedback as to what we've prepared
for you today we're going to make an
authentic penne alla vodka and we're
going to start off by using some
extra-virgin olive oil some garlic
cloves and we're just going to get the
flavors into the olive oil we're gonna
had some diced tomatoes some canned
peeled tomatoes a little bit of cream
and then we're gonna add the pen at the
end and some basil and it's gonna be
amazing come over with me to the stove
okay we've added some oil now we're
going to add some garlic I'm going to
get that going we've got some boiling
water we're going to add the penne
that's about 3/4 of a pound and we're
going to add about an ounce and a half
of salt and we're gonna now we're
getting all the flavors from the garlic
into the olive oil and that's going to
take us a moment
out once we've got all of the flavors
out of the garlic now we add diced
tomatoes
and a little bit of vodka
now we're going to take a little bit of
the pasta water and we're gonna let that
simmer we're gonna check the pasta in
just a moment to make sure that it's at
the al dente stage it's got another two
minutes to go okay and you know when
it's firm that's when we want to remove
it it's a little bit too hard right now
and you can see all the flavors coming
together here now we're gonna add a
little bit of cream ever so gently okay
we're gonna bring these okay now this
was a dish that was happened to be
created in Rome where the vodka came
from nobody knows but we know this much
it's a lot of fun to cook and it's
certainly a lot of fun to eat also so
now we're gonna get all these flavors
working and this takes about a good 20
minutes but it's worth the time and the
the wider the pan the faster the cooking
so we want to make sure that we've got
all these flavors working together and
we'll lower the heat now we want to get
it to a medium flame and we want to time
the cooking of the pasta and the
finishing of the sauce so once we can
get that together we're ready for an
incredible penne alla vodka we're going
to add the al dente pendant
here we go now you guys you can see the
Penta have been cooked al dente there is
enough sauce to coat the penne the
flavors from the pendent from the vodka
and the tomatoes have been transferred
to the pasta and this is going to be
roughly about a three ounce portion of
pasta which I believe to be an adequate
amount I'm going to add some Grandda
Padano nicely graded in a couple of
sprigs of torn basil and we have a very
simple and delicious penne alla vodka
thank you for giving me the opportunity
to bring these great preparations to you
I can be contacted for any feedback at
WWE artino Chicago comm I'd love to hear
from you again
you